Update kubectl subresource documentation (#49824)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/update-api-object-kubectl-patch.md

### Update an object's replica count using `kubectl patch` with `--subresource` {#scale-kubectl-patch}

The flag `--subresource=[subresource-name]` is used with kubectl commands like get, patch,
edit, apply and replace to fetch and update `status` and `scale` subresources of the resources

> (applicable for kubectl version v1.24 or newer). This flag is used with all the API resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you specify. You can specify a subresource for any of the Kubernetes API resources
```

> (built-in and CRs) that have `status` or `scale` subresource. Deployment is one of the
> examples which supports these subresources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(built-in and CRs) that have either a `status` or `scale` subresource, if they have both.

For example, a Deployment has a `status` subresource and a `scale` subresource, so you can use
`kubectl` to get or modify just the `status` subresource of a Deployment.
```
